welcome friends Romans and countrymen to
the 27th Colonel marbles miniatures
review vidcast and what a great show
full of wonderful new pictures of
fantasy and sci-fi twenty eight to
thirty two millimeter miniatures I have
for you spoole only buy my inane asinine
and sometimes frankly dull commentary oh
well you can't have it all enough for my
waffle on with the show I'm very pleased
to say the show continues to be
sponsored by Rattlehead games find
purveyors of many of the independent
sci-fi and fantasy figures featured in
the show
- stalkers kick us off this week at
number 10 they have some new shadow
Templar order nights out first up is a
standard-bearer Shack them on Lara and
here we have a close-up of Moreno de
chartres the problem with these figures
of course is a scale at forty millimeter
they don't fit in with most people's
twenty eight to thirty two millimeter
collections and that's a real shame
as as you can see from this Christian
Espinosa figure there are really
high-quality scopes a number line we
find Dark Age games here's a couple of
fairly forgettable forsaken fliends who
will cost you $9.99 US dollars the pair
much more interesting to my mind is this
brood ski on which has a weird tentacles
for hair thing going on and it's a
rather fine model although she'll cost
you $13.99 US dollars other world niches
are in at number eight this week this is
a work in progress photo of afar a giant
miniature the Paul Muller is sculpting
for Otherworld he's certainly going to
be a hefty piece of metal once he's done
spine spur from comfy chair games are at
number seven these preview minis are a
bit too static for my taste and the
sculpting is a little well what should
we say unrefined but the ideas behind
them are really interesting this pig
skin man is a good case in point and
this three headed sera beast is pretty
good and this gene Simmons axe man
looking like he is just tons of fun and
next up we have urban mammoth metropolis
this is a Vasa execution a claw or giant
war brought to you and me that will sell
for 25 UK pounds I do kind of like this
one but the whole pose of the sword does
seem slightly odd game is supposed to be
a high-tech robot next up is our French
chums Rackham Wow a rack of finger that
doesn't make it to number one in the
marbles hit list but there's still not
much wrong with it
again I don't have much info on this one
but it's a very elegant die kte warrior
so we're up to number four now and at
four and someone who could be called
porticoed de gAHS this is a very nicely
sculpted Alchemist dwarf unfortunately I
don't know very much more than that I'm
afraid
other than is designed for the Spanish
portico do ghosts
fantasy universe and if anyone knows any
more than that I'd be delighted to find
out about it hassle free miniatures are
at number 3 this week this naughty
schoolgirl he's wielding a mean-looking
katana is called Susie and she could be
yours for a mere three UK pounds then we
have Bob who sculpted by Michael brand
he's definitely got that unhinged psycho
look about him and he sells for only 2
UK pounds but my favorite of this batch
of releases has to be the really
excellent shimmer a female elf leaping
over a tree stump she could well be a
new recruit to my wood elf army and at
number 2 we find our old chum
Bob Wally this is a classic miniature
sculpted by hair on brown and is called
not unexpectedly the judge the twist is
that Bob Ani has bought the rights to
reproduce his mini now residing a
producer as it is but he's gonna produce
an all-new scrunt leg walker conversion
using the legs and the Gatling gun as
bob says more perilous grunts sponsored
in part by blue table painting your
first choice for an excellent miniatures
painting service but that number one
this week I've got some absolutely
sensational figures to show you from
Helldorado ok finger fans
hold onto your seats now because all
these are forthcoming minis from wave 2
of the new French game and how about
this for originality it's an evil
ripping the head off a chain zombie dude
next up is a fearsome looking devil dog
type thing I like it
then this is tremendous figure of
someone who I think is called fall
Claire's the black he's got a nasty pair
of bolt cutters for a weapon and he
looks evil indeed sensational and last
but certainly not least is this truly
awesome pumped up demon dude
yes Helldorado go to absolutely explode
on the miniatures world very soon with
these incredible releases and sadly my
dearest chums that brings us to the end
of another week's show
still you can bet your bottom dollar
I'll be back here next week same time
same place so don't touch that dial